there have been protests around the
world in support of the Palestinian
people and some of the largest have been
in Jordan's capital Osama bin Javed is
in the Jordanian Capital Aman Osama
what's the latest on the protest that we
can see behind
you well we're a few hundred meters away
from the Israeli Embassy today what is
different is that Jordanian authorities
have uh blocked all roads that go
towards the Israeli Embassy as in the
last 48 hours you've seen these protests
grow and grow and grow after that
hospital attack in Gaza now they're
being told to protest in the Square near
one of the most popular mosques here and
people have been coming here in numbers
let me just move out of the shot so you
can actually feel the energy of this
crowd which was a few dozen people and
now has grown to a couple of hundred
people and more people are coming
there's a large police presence here and
as we've been witnessing in the last few
days people are angry uh and this has
become a an Avenue of expression for a
lot of people that it becomes a Mourning
space for them where they come and mourn
their dead it becomes a concert at times
where they play their music and then it
also becomes an area where they show
solidarity with the people of Gaza uh
these many of these people more than 2
million refugees here in the Jordanian
Capital uh have been displaced from the
Palestinian territory so they have we
spoke to one man who's lost multiple
members of his family he stopped working
because he said there is this cannot go
on and he cannot function like this
anymore so this is the atmosphere here
in the Jordanian capital on the
Diplomatic backdrop of the Jordanian
King traveling to the City of Cairo
meeting the Egyptian president and then
also the German uh foreign minister here
in the Jordanian Capital as well so a
lot of effort from Arab countries who
try and move uh the Israelis to seize uh
the attacks on what they call civilian
population to allow in Aid and that
seems to be a difference between Western
diplomatic push where the focus is on
releasing prisoners and making sure that
Hamas does not carry out any further
attacks Al jair is AMA bin Javed live
reporting on the protest that's behind
you in the Jordanian capital I can bring
you another uh Pro Palestinian protest
live this is coming from the French
capital in Paris where people are
demonstrating you can see the uh you can
see law enforcement in front of them
that are blocking their way now several
uh Pro Palestinian protests that were
planned and that were scheduled have
been cancelled by French authorities
since the beginning of the Gaza
War